# How Do I Reset A Bios Password?

No one can remember the BIOS password and was wondering if there is a
simple utility that will allow me to  reset the BIOS password on an HP
6540b?

This laptop has Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) BIOS.

They make it hard to bypass the passwords on portable units these days. 

The following text was "borrowed" from the article at this link:
http://findpassword.net/reset-hp-dell-bios-password/

Method 1 – Jumper Reset

The Board should a jumper for resetting the BIOS password. You may need
to consult the motherboard manual, get to this law or by codes on the
motherboard itself, the jumper reset identify pins. The process is
pretty simple, you need only one screwdriver use two Reset PIN bridge
(short), or use one of the jumpers on the Board do the same.

Method 2 – Remove the CMOS Battery

The CMOS is a low power consumption component that stores the BIOS
settings whether the computer is plugged in or not. It keeps these
settings by drawing power from the CMOS battery that is attached to the
motherboard, so simply removing the battery is an easy way to cause a
password reset and return the BIOS to factory defaults. In most cases
the battery can be easily removed by hand or with a screwdriver but if
it is soldered to the board you will need to employ a soldering iron to
remove it.

Method 3 – Use a Backdoor BIOS Password

In some cases BIOS developers and manufacturers will include a master
(backdoor) password that can be used to bypass any user configured
password and allow access to the motherboard. Here are some reported
backdoor passwords:

*AMI backdoor BIOS passwords *

A.M.I., AAAMMMIII, AMI?SW, AMI_SW, BIOS, CONDO, HEWITT RAND, LKWPETER,
MI, and PASSWORD.

*Award Backdoor BIOS Passwords*

01322222, 589589, 589721, 595595, 598598, ALFAROME, ALLY, ALLy, aLLY,
aLLy, aPAf, award, AWARD PW, AWARD SW, AWARD?SW, AWARD_PW, AWARD_SW,
AWKWARD, awkward, BIOSTAR, CONCAT, CONDO, Condo, condo, d8on, djonet,
HLT, J256, J262, j262, j322, j332, J64, KDD, LKWPETER, Lkwpeter, PINT,
pint, SER, SKY_FOX, SYXZ, syxz, TTPTHA, ZAAAADA, ZAAADA, ZBAAACA, and
ZJAAADC.

*Phoenix Backdoor BIOS Passwords*

BIOS, CMOS, phoenix, and PHOENIX.

Method 4 – Use the Bios Password Recovery software.

*BIOS/CMOS Password Recovery Tool*
<http://www.biospasswordrecovery.com/> is a program that works instantly
to reset or remove any lost or forgotten BIOS/CMOS password. Simply boot
your PC from the supplied Boot CD, and get access to forgotten BIOS/CMOS
passwords in just seconds.
*File Size:* 684 KB

Conclusion

As you can see, resetting the BIOS password is quite easy to do. The
only drawback with using some of these methods is the fact that they
remove more than just the password; they will also restore the BIOS to
factory defaults as well. In any case, since most BIOS have an auto
configuration feature most settings will be reconfigured automatically.
These techniques will work for all major manufacturers including: *HP*,
*Dell*, and Gateway to name a few.
